{title}
====
Using Skin Texture Change to Design Emotion Expression in Social Robots.
Infrasound for HRI: A Robot Using Low-Frequency Vibrations to Impact How People Perceive Its Actions.
Backseat Teleoperator: Affective Feedback with on-Screen Agents to Influence Teleoperation.
Emotion Expression in HRI: When and Why.
Robot Capability and Intention in Trust-Based Decisions across Tasks.
What? That's Not a Chair!: How Robot Informational Errors Affect Children's Trust towards Robots.
"I Don't Believe You": Investigating the Effects of Robot Trust Violation and Repair.
A Robot Barista Comments on Its Clients: Social Attitudes toward Robot Data Use.
Consider the Human Work Experience When Integrating Robotics in the Workplace.
Balanced Information Gathering and Goal-Oriented Actions in Shared Autonomy.
Monetary-Incentive Competition between Humans and Robots: Experimental Results.
Is Human-Robot Interaction More Competitive between Groups than between Individuals?.
From One to Another: How Robot-Robot Interaction Affects Users' Perceptions Following a Transition between Robots.
The Stereotype Content Model Applied to Human-Robot Interactions in Groups.
Micbot: A Peripheral Robotic Object to Shape Conversational Dynamics and Team Performance.
Exploring Prosociality in Human-Robot Teams.
Drone.Io: A Gestural and Visual Interface for Human-Drone Interaction.
Learning from Users: An Elicitation Study and Taxonomy for Communicating Small Unmanned Aerial System States through Gestures.
Collocated Human-Drone Interaction: Methodology and Approach Strategy.
On-Road Evaluation of Autonomous Driving Training.
Mixed Reality Deictic Gesture for Multi-Modal Robot Communication.
Robot Teleoperation with Augmented Reality Virtual Surrogates.
Can You Tell the Robot by the Voice? An Exploratory Study on the Role of Voice in the Perception of Robots.
Helping Not Hurting: Applying the Stereotype Content Model and BIAS Map to Social Robotics.
Gender Effects in Perceptions of Robots and Humans with Varying Emotional Intelligence.
People's Explanations of Robot Behavior Subtly Reveal Mental State Inferences.
Explanation-Based Reward Coaching to Improve Human Performance via Reinforcement Learning.
Plan Explanations as Model Reconciliation: An Empirical Study.
Transfer Depends on Acquisition: Analyzing Manipulation Strategies for Robotic Feeding.
Effective Persuasion Strategies for Socially Assistive Robots.
Hierarchical POMDP Framework for a Robot-Assisted ASD Diagnostic Protocol.
Collaborative User Responses in Multiparty Interaction with a Couples Counselor Robot.
Evaluation of Word Representations in Grounding Natural Language Instructions through Computational Human-Robot Interaction.
On the Utility of Model Learning in HRI.
The Benefits of Immersive Demonstrations for Teaching Robots.
Teacher-Aware Active Robot Learning.
Characterizing Input Methods for Human-to-Robot Demonstrations.
The Assistive Multi-Armed Bandit.
Effects of Distinct Robot Navigation Strategies on Human Behavior in a Crowded Environment.
Comparing Human-Robot Proxemics between Virtual Reality and the Real World.
The Effects of Proactive Release Behaviors during Human-Robot Handovers.
Stop Doing It! Approaching Strategy for a Robot to Admonish Pedestrians.
Robots for Joy, Robots for Sorrow: Community Based Robot Design for Dementia Caregivers.
SAIL: Simulation-Informed Active in-the-Wild Learning.
Robots for Inter-Generational Interactions: Implications for Nonfamilial Community Settings.
A Bayesian Theory of Mind Approach to Nonverbal Communication.
Second Language Tutoring Using Social Robots: A Large-Scale Study.
Children's Responding to Humanlike Agents Reflects an Uncanny Valley.
