{title}
====
Motion of Soft Robots with Physically Embodied Intelligence.
Using Skin Texture Change to Design Emotion Expression in Social Robots.
Infrasound for HRI: A Robot Using Low-Frequency Vibrations to Impact How People Perceive its Actions.
Backseat Teleoperator: Affective Feedback with On-Screen Agents to Influence Teleoperation.
Emotion Expression in HRI - When and Why.
Robot Capability and Intention in Trust-Based Decisions Across Tasks.
What? That's Not a Chair!: How Robot Informational Errors Affect Children's Trust Towards Robots.
"I Don't Believe You": Investigating the Effects of Robot Trust Violation and Repair.
A Robot Barista Comments on its Clients: Social Attitudes Toward Robot Data Use.
Consider the Human Work Experience When Integrating Robotics in the Workplace.
Balanced Information Gathering and Goal-Oriented Actions in Shared Autonomy.
Monetary-Incentive Competition Between Humans and Robots: Experimental Results.
Is Human-Robot Interaction More Competitive Between Groups Than Between Individuals?
From One to Another: How Robot-Robot Interaction Affects Users' Perceptions Following a Transition Between Robots.
The Stereotype Content Model Applied to Human-Robot Interactions in Groups.
Micbot: A Peripheral Robotic Object to Shape Conversational Dynamics and Team Performance.
Exploring Prosociality in Human-Robot Teams.
Seeing Like a Rover: Team Work and Human-Robot Relations.
Drone.io: A Gestural and Visual Interface for Human-Drone Interaction.
Learning from Users: an Elicitation Study and Taxonomy for Communicating Small Unmanned Aerial System States Through Gestures.
Collocated Human-Drone Interaction: Methodology and Approach Strategy.
On-Road Evaluation of Autonomous Driving Training.
Mixed Reality Deictic Gesture for Multi-Modal Robot Communication.
Robot Teleoperation with Augmented Reality Virtual Surrogates.
Can you Tell the Robot by the Voice? An Exploratory Study on the Role of Voice in the Perception of Robots.
Helping Not Hurting: Applying the Stereotype Content Model and BIAS Map to Social Robotics.
Gender Effects in Perceptions of Robots and Humans with Varying Emotional Intelligence.
People's Explanations of Robot Behavior Subtly Reveal Mental State Inferences.
Supplementary Materials to: People's Explanations of Robot Behavior Subtly Reveal Mental State Inferences.
Explanation-Based Reward Coaching to Improve Human Performance via Reinforcement Learning.
Plan Explanations as Model Reconciliation.
Transfer Depends on Acquisition: Analyzing Manipulation Strategies for Robotic Feeding.
Effective Persuasion Strategies for Socially Assistive Robots.
Hierarchical POMDP Framework for a Robot-Assisted ASD Diagnostic Protocol.
Collaborative User Responses in Multiparty Interaction with a Couples Counselor Robot.
Possibility, It's a Mystery: How Keepon's Video Brought Me Here.
Robotic Musicianship and Musical Human Augmentation.
Evaluation of Word Representations in Grounding Natural Language Instructions Through Computational Human-Robot Interaction.
On the Utility of Model Learning in HRI.
The Benefits of Immersive Demonstrations for Teaching Robots.
Teacher-Aware Active Robot Learning.
Characterizing Input Methods for Human-to-Robot Demonstrations.
Supplementary Material for Characterizing Input Methods for Human-to-Robot Demonstrations.
The Assistive Multi-Armed Bandit.
Dancing with ChairBots.
Exploring Collaborative Interactions Between Robots and Blind People.
Promoting STEAM Education with Child-Robot Musical Theater.
How Can You Touch and Feel via Telerobots?
Welcoming Robot Behaviors for Drawing Attention.
Learning Vision-Based Quadrotor Control in User Proximity.
Video: Pointing Gestures for Proximity Interaction.
CARESSES: The Flower that Taught Robots about Culture.
A Digital Twin for Human-Robot Interaction.
Second Language Tutoring Using Social Robots: L2TOR - The Movie.
Cuteness as a 'Dark Pattern' in Home Robots.
Good Robot Design or Machiavellian? An In-the-Wild Robot Leveraging Minimal Knowledge of Passersby's Culture.
Aquaticus: Publicly Available Datasets from a Marine Human-Robot Teaming Testbed.
Language-Capable Robots may Inadvertently Weaken Human Moral Norms.
Reframing the Role of Novelty within Social HRI: from Noise to Information.
Effects of Distinct Robot Navigation Strategies on Human Behavior in a Crowded Environment.
Comparing Human-Robot Proxemics Between Virtual Reality and the Real World.
The Effects of Proactive Release Behaviors During Human-Robot Handovers.
Stop Doing it! Approaching Strategy for a Robot to Admonish Pedestrians.
Robots for Joy, Robots for Sorrow: Community Based Robot Design for Dementia Caregivers.
SAIL: Simulation-Informed Active In-the-Wild Learning.
Robots for Inter-Generational Interactions: Implications for Nonfamilial Community Settings.
A Bayesian Theory of Mind Approach to Nonverbal Communication.
Second Language Tutoring Using Social Robots: A Large-Scale Study.
Children's Responding to Humanlike Agents Reflects an Uncanny Valley.
Apprentice of Oz: Human in the Loop System for Conversational Robot Wizard of Oz.
Teaching Social Robotics to Motivate Women into Engineering and Robotics Careers.
The Reality-Virtuality Interaction Cube: A Framework for Conceptualizing Mixed-Reality Interaction Design Elements for HRI.
Human-Robot-Collaboration (HRC): Social Robots as Teaching Assistants for Training Activities in Small Groups.
The Pratfall Effect and Interpersonal Impressions of a Robot that Forgets and Apologizes.
Addiction to Social Robots: A Research Proposal.
Remote-Operated Multimodal Interface for Therapists During Walker-Assisted Gait Rehabilitation: A Preliminary Assessment.
Beyond Programming: Can Robots' Norm-Violating Actions Elicit Mental State Attributions?
Similarity Attraction for Robot's Dialect in Language Learning Using Social Robots.
Affective Robot Movement Generation Using CycleGANs.
DataDrawingDroid: A Wheel Robot Drawing Planned Path as Data-Driven Generative Art.
Humans Socially Attune to Their "Follower" Robot.
Measurement of Moral Concern for Robots.
Reducing Overtrust in Failing Robotic Systems.
Investigating User Perceptions of HRI in Social Contexts.
Remote Supervision of an Unmanned Surface Vessel - A Comparison of Interfaces.
Towards a Conversational Agent for Remote Robot-Human Teaming.
Human Robot Interaction Using Diver Hand Signals.
Robot Competition to Evaluate Guidance Skill for General Users in VR Environment.
Pronunciation-Based Child-Robot Game Interactions to Promote Literacy Skills.
Using Decision Support Systems for Juries in Court: Comparing the Use of Real and CG Robots.
Recognizing F-Formations in the Open World.
Impressions of Message Compliance-Gaining Strategies for Considering Robot Rights.
Preliminary Studies of SEMG-Based Finger Gesture Classification for Smart Watch Application Using Deep Learning.
Humanoid Therapy Robot for Encouraging Exercise in Dementia Patients.
Leveraging Neurophysiological Information to Augment Interpretation of Responses to Vulnerable Robot Behaviors.
Testing the Machine Heuristic: Robots and Suspicion in News Broadcasts.
Personal Partner Agents for Cooperative Intelligence.
Mutual Reinforcement Learning with Robot Trainers.
Eye-Gaze-Controlled Telepresence Robots for People with Motor Disabilities.
Possibilities in Robot Stop-Motion.
Inferring Human Personality Traits in Human-Robot Social Interaction.
Changes in Heart Rate and Feeling of Safety When Led by a Rehabilitation Robot.
Detecting Anomalous Behavior of Socially Assistive Robots in Geriatric Care Facilities.
AIDA: A Social Co-Robot to Uplift Workers with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.
Investigating the Effect of Social Cues on Social Agency Judgement.
Usability Evaluation of a Robotic System for Cognitive Testing.
Why Children Prefer Extrovert or Introvert Robots: A Pilot Study Using Pairwise Robot Comparison.
Exploring Human-Robot Trust During Teaming in a Real-World Testbed.
Humans' Perception of a Robot Moving Using a Slow in and Slow Out Velocity Profile.
Learning Ecosystem in Elementary School Using Modifiable Humanoid Robot.
Projection-Based Augmented Reality Robot Prototype with Human-Awareness.
Unique Cipher-Acoustic Languages for Human-Robot Interactions.
Meeting Stevie: Perceptions of a Socially Assistive Robot by Residents and Staff in a Long-Term Care Facility.
BabeBay-A Companion Robot for Children Based on Multimodal Affective Computing.
How Humans Develop Trust in Communication Robots: A Phased Model Based on Interpersonal Trust.
Validating the Accuracy of Imaged-Based Research into the Uncanny Valley: An Experimental Proposal.
Engaging Persons with Neuro-Developmental Disorder with a Plush Social Robot.
Roboethics as a Research Puzzle.
Creating a Shared Reality with Robots.
Towards Generating Spatial Referring Expressions in a Social Robot: Dynamic vs Non-Ambiguous.
Measuring Gains and Losses in Human-Robot Trust: Evidence for Differentiable Components of Trust.
MOCCA Studio: a Graphical Tool for High-Level Programming of Human-Robot Social Interaction.
A Neurorobotics Approach to Investigating the Emergence of Communication in Robots.
Dual-Myo Real-Time Control of a Humanoid Arm for Teleoperation.
Facilitating Software Development for Mobile Social Robots by Simulating Interactions Between a Robot and Pedestrians.
Emulating Touch Signals from Multivariate Sensor Data Using Gated RNNs.
Kindergarten Children Attitude Towards Humanoid Robots: What is the Effect of the First Experience?
Sensorless Hand Guidance Using Microsoft Hololens.
Playing Charades with a Robot: Collecting a Large Dataset of Human Gestures Through HRI.
Welcoming Robot Behaviors for Drawing Attention.
The Effect of Robot vs. Human Corrective Feedback on Children's Intrinsic Motivation.
Positive and Negative Opinions About Living with Robots in Japanese University Students.
A Contextual Inquiry of AVEC: Power Assist Wheelchair Enhancing Communication.
A Pilot Study on Determining the Relation Between Gaze Aversion and Interaction Experience.
Lifespan Design of Conversational Agent with Growth and Regression Metaphor for the Natural Supervision on Robot Intelligence.
Towards Understanding User Preferences for Explanation Types in Model Reconciliation.
Healthcare Support by a Humanoid Robot.
Design of a Human Multi-Robot Interaction Medium of Cognitive Perception.
Telesuit: An Immersive User-Centric Telepresence Control Suit.
The RoPE Scale: a Measure of How Empathic a Robot is Perceived.
A Social Robot for Autonomous Health Data Acquisition Among Hospitalized Patients: An Exploratory Field Study.
Authoring Robot Presentation for Promoting Reflection on Presentation Scenario.
Analysis of User Interaction While Walking on Slopes Using Robotic Rollators - Pilot Study.
Augmented Reality for Quick and Intuitive Robotic Packing Re-Programming.
Demo: Pointing Gestures for Proximity Interaction.
Face-to-Face Contact Method for Humanoid Robots Using Face Position Prediction.
Demonstrating a Framework for Rapid Development of Physically Situated Interactive Systems.
Social Robots in Therapy and Care.
Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality for Human-Robot Interaction (VAM-HRI).
Human-Machine Communication: What Does/Could Communication Science Contribute to HRI?
Expressivity for Sustained Human-Robot Interaction.
What Could Go Wrong?! 2nd Workshop: Lessons Learned When Doing HRI User Studies with Off-the-Shelf Social Robots.
PREC 2019: Personal Robots for Exercising and Coaching.
Robots for Social Good: Exploring Critical Design for HRI.
Bodily Human Robot Interaction.
Personalization in Long-Term Human-Robot Interaction.
Dangerous HRI: Testing Real-World Robots has Real-World Consequences.
The Dark Side of Human-Robot Interaction: Ethical Considerations and Community Guidelines for the Field of HRI.
Closeness with Robots as Social Partners.
Robots for Learning - R4L: Adaptive Learning.
Soft Sensors and Actuators for Designing New Human-Robot/Machine Interaction Interfaces.
Test Methods and Metrics for Effective HRI in Collaborative Human-Robot Teams.
Social Human-Robot Interaction of Human-Care Service Robots.
Persuasive ChairBots: A Robot Recruited Experiment.
Group Intelligence on Social Robots.
Robots in Need: Acquiring Assistance with Emotion.
Children's Judgments of Anti-Social Behaviour Towards a Robot: Liking and Learning.
Learning from Corrective Demonstrations.
Toward Morally Sensitive Robotic Communication.
The Effect of Tactility and Socio-Relational Context on Social Presence and User Satisfaction.
Systematic Variation of Gaze Timings and Effects on the Human Level of Comfort and Feeling of Being Attended.
Self-Assessing and Communicating Manipulation Proficiency Through Active Uncertainty Characterization.
A Design Tool for Therapeutic Social-Physical Human-Robot Interactions.
Heterogeneous Learning from Demonstration.
Computational Tools for Human-Robot Interaction Design.
Agency in Canine-Robot Interaction: Do Dogs (Canis Familiaris) Understand Humanoid Robots Pointing Behavior?
Methods and Effects of Priming a Teloperator's Perception of Robot Capabilities.
Leveraging Robot Embodiment to Facilitate Trust and Smoothness.
Enhancing Robot Learning with Human Social Cues.
Predictability in Human-Robot Interactions for Autistic Children.
Improving Human-Robot Interaction Through Explainable Reinforcement Learning.
Social Influence in HRI with Application to Social Robots for Rehabilitation.
Pomelo, a Collaborative Education Technology Interaction Robot.
Design for Serendipitous Interaction: BubbleBot - Bringing People Together with Bubbles.
Lumigami.
An Antisocial Social Robot: Using Negative Affect to Reinforce Cooperation in Human-Robot Interactions.
AVEC: Power Assist Vehicle Enriching Communication Using Intuitive Interface.
Human-Centered, Ergonomic Wearable Device with Computer Vision Augmented Intelligence for VR Multimodal Human-Smart Home Object Interaction.
