{title}
====
Eye-Hand Behavior in Human-Robot Shared Manipulation.
Wait, Can You Move the Robot?: Examining Telepresence Robot Use in Collaborative Teams.
Shared Dynamic Curves: A Shared-Control Telemanipulation Method for Motor Task Training.
It's All in Your Head: Using Priming to Shape an Operator's Perceptions and Behavior during Teleoperation.
Do Children Perceive Whether a Robotic Peer is Learning or Not?
The Effect of a Robot's Gestures and Adaptive Tutoring on Children's Acquisition of Second Language Vocabularies.
Thinking Aloud with a Tutoring Robot to Enhance Learning.
"Stop. I See a Conflict Happening.": A Robot Mediator for Young Children's Interpersonal Conflict Resolution.
Improving Collocated Robot Teleoperation with Augmented Reality.
Expressing Robot Incapability.
Characterizing the Design Space of Rendered Robot Faces.
What is Human-like?: Decomposing Robots' Human-like Appearance Using the Anthropomorphic roBOT (ABOT) Database.
Fribo: A Social Networking Robot for Increasing Social Connectedness through Sharing Daily Home Activities from Living Noise Data.
Active Robot Learning for Temporal Task Models.
Learning from Richer Human Guidance: Augmenting Comparison-Based Learning with Feature Queries.
Learning from Physical Human Corrections, One Feature at a Time.
DNN-HMM based Automatic Speech Recognition for HRI Scenarios.
Deep Reinforcement Learning of Abstract Reasoning from Demonstrations.
Inducing Bystander Interventions During Robot Abuse with Social Mechanisms.
The Ripple Effects of Vulnerability: The Effects of a Robot's Vulnerable Behavior on Trust in Human-Robot Teams.
Humans Conform to Robots: Disambiguating Trust, Truth, and Conformity.
Robots And Racism.
Mindless Robots get Bullied.
User-Centered Robot Head Design: a Sensing Computing Interaction Platform for Robotics Research (SCIPRR).
Bioluminescence-Inspired Human-Robot Interaction: Designing Expressive Lights that Affect Human's Willingness to Interact with a Robot.
Haru: Hardware Design of an Experimental Tabletop Robot Assistant.
Iterative Design of an Upper Limb Rehabilitation Game with Tangible Robots.
Human-Robot Similarity and Willingness to Work with a Robotic Co-worker.
Group-based Emotions in Teams of Humans and Robots.
Where Should Robots Talk?: Spatial Arrangement Study from a Participant Workload Perspective.
Friends or Foes?: Socioemotional Support and Gaze Behaviors in Mixed Groups of Humans and Robots.
Social Robots for Engagement in Rehabilitative Therapies: Design Implications from a Study with Therapists.
"Thank You for Sharing that Interesting Fact!": Effects of Capability and Context on Indirect Speech Act Use in Task-Based Human-Robot Dialogue.
Planning with Trust for Human-Robot Collaboration.
Communicating Robot Motion Intent with Augmented Reality.
An Autonomous Dynamic Camera Method for Effective Remote Teleoperation.
Multimodal Expression of Artificial Emotion in Social Robots Using Color, Motion and Sound.
Getting to Know Each Other: The Role of Social Dialogue in Recovery from Errors in Social Robots.
Observing Robot Touch in Context: How Does Touch and Attitude Affect Perceptions of a Robot's Social Qualities?
Social Momentum: A Framework for Legible Navigation in Dynamic Multi-Agent Environments.
The Peculiarities of Robot Embodiment (EmCorp-Scale): Development, Validation and Initial Test of the Embodiment and Corporeality of Artificial Agents Scale.
Be More Transparent and Users Will Like You: A Robot Privacy and User Experience Design Experiment.
Futuristic Autobiographies: Weaving Participant Narratives to Elicit Values around Robots.
Social Cobots: Anticipatory Decision-Making for Collaborative Robots Incorporating Unexpected Human Behaviors.
Design Methodology for the UX of HRI: A Field Study of a Commercial Social Robot at an Airport.
Compact Real-time Avoidance on a Humanoid Robot for Human-robot Interaction.
Detecting Contingency for HRI in Open-World Environments.
Effects of Robot Sound on Auditory Localization in Human-Robot Collaboration.
Evaluating Social Perception of Human-to-Robot Handovers Using the Robot Social Attributes Scale (RoSAS).
